Teresa's me not to girl next door um
this video what I want to talk about two
things 1i did my first puff you guys say
school black um I don't know hip
headband or whatever and I'm happy with
it I wasn't nothing actually it's really
cute because this this Meyer is in a
t-shirt with style this is like a bird
day and didn't really look amazing so I
just said you a little pup because I was
first in sex pain is my older sister
mobile and natural she did a video
talking about um natural hair and no no
no not that one she did a video was that
video oh the weave check video and I
wanted to talk about this too because
she um she basically was saying um her
hotel hood actually all of our childhood
her cuz she's the eldest and then I have
a middle sister and it's me and all of
us we all had healthy hair most of our
childhood or it's not all of our
childhood and as far as I go you know I
also had really long healthy hair I
think her hair might have been longer
than mine we were kids this is pretty
relaxed sir for both of us and I'm out
here um but yeah so my hair was also
really long and I remember people at
school used to tell on my hair and say
that it's not mine of course it was the
black people and um you know why people
they were just like all of yours well
pretty not even wrong black people just
said my hair was pretty too but they
normally just been like trying to leave
check it and stuff that was during my
childhood right when i got my personal
ax service i was ten my hair still
extremely healthy and like long and
stuff and it was nice and people used to
always hate on me like no matter what
they would always pass up and say like a
lesson our hair then they run their
fingers like through my hair but
touching the roof to make sure it was
like all mine
I never do that to anyone and I just
thought it was really rude and adults
even did this to me to like family
members and stuff they have like all the
merchants is all your hair so um okay
now since I've cut my hair just like the
natural I've been we've checked before
with my sister said in her video because
this is actually gonna be a response to
her video but yeah I was at a boy was i
cain't Kim's beauty supply store and one
of the workers she was black of course
is a crane on store and she said um how
you get she was like it's not all your
hair and I was like yeah it's all my
hair and she was like oh how did you get
it to curl and I'm like well natural and
i did a to strength to lift out she was
like oh ok ok but I mean my hair is
obviously short um so it surprised me
that someone would accuse me of does not
being my hair but I um I'm not gonna
make such a big deal in the world um so
yeah I mean I probably been be checked
at school also cuz I I mean I didn't
really when I was transitioning last
semester I didn't really tell anyone I
was going to go natural so I have I'll
have people looking at me like whoa she
like what happened no what happened her
looking a bad way we just like like it's
our hair you know so um yeah but I just
wanted to talk about my puff and being
we've checked because I've been we've
checked my whole life i'm pretty sure i
will be we've checked in the future too
I mean it's like a whole whole life
thing that's probably gonna happen um
the sad part about being we've checked
is is it telling us that US isn't black
woman is telling us that oh we must not
have long hair we have to get tracks or
we've put in for it to look like that
well as long hair is
tape sorry it's attainable so I think
it's just pretty sad but I don't really
care what ppl cuz I don't care what
people say about me so yeah I survived
it for this video peace natural girl
next door
oh yeah i forgot to tell a long one I
wanted to tell you guys a story what
happened to me and middle stole his girl
right this is I'm talking about hair and
we've checked some like that um so this
is girl she's really popular she was
actually choose really pretty too um
however hair was damaged right and you
know how you see like most I wanna be
rude but like you know the blackroll
ponytail is like like that that that's
that big so that's how her hair was all
right she's always were in like a side
ponytail anyways and um this was an 8th
grade this is my first year in South
Carolina and I had a really long hair
see I don't want to put the camera with
me it was like to look like right there
um Bryce at that time I used to always
wear it in a ponytail during 8th grade
right and so my ponytails would be like
really long and be like down my back and
stuff and um only one time we were all
going to go to a meeting the whole
schools going to a meeting in the
cafeteria and she says to her friends oh
that's not all her hair and her friend
were like our friend was like laughing
and stuff that she was like um and it's
all greasy and stuff ending on I turned
around and I looked at her I magnet say
anything's at this time like this was a
brand-new school and I've only been
there for like three days but you know I
was hurt because well I was and I looked
at her hair newer was completely damaged
and it's like really you're talking
about my hair being greasy when your
hair is like dry and like falling off
like stupid but um yeah so that happened
like eighth grade how many years ago it
was like six seven eight I don't know
baby was it sad that i still remember
that because he hurt me he really did
but I'm over it cuz she's probably
somewhere like in jail but the keris
piece the real peace now I'm not going
to come back and tell them stories of
peace dr. girl next door
you